Node 14 recomendation (#639)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/guides/upgrade-to-version-2.mdx

If you run an older node version, please update to a newer version.
You can find a list of breaking changes in the news section of the [node.js website](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/) (e.g. ["The Difference Between Node.js 10 and 12"](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/uncategorized/10-lts-to-12-lts/))

:::tip 

> We recommend to switch to Node 16 when using the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript 2.0.

Reviewer: We don't have node 16 test in our pipeline, unfortunately. For the time being, maybe mentioning >= node 14

Author: I changed it, take another look.

> We recommend to switch to Node 16 when using the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript 2.0.

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend switching to Node 14 or above when using the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript 2.0.
```
